docs: Update details for TubePlayer workshop content (#120)
unoplatform/workshops: tube-player/README.md

![Completed TubePlayer app](modules/11-App-Finalization/ui-output.gif)

> These apps was developed using Uno Platform and draws inspiration from [Naweed Akram](https://twitter.com/xgeno "@xgeno")'s [MAUI project](https://github.com/naweed/MauiTubePlayer) and [Flutter project](https://github.com/naweed/FlutterTubePlayer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app was developed using Uno Platform and draws inspiration from [Naweed Akram](https://twitter.com/xgeno "@xgeno")'s [MAUI project](https://github.com/naweed/MauiTubePlayer) and [Flutter project](https://github.com/naweed/FlutterTubePlayer).
```

> These apps was developed using Uno Platform and draws inspiration from [Naweed Akram](https://twitter.com/xgeno "@xgeno")'s [MAUI project](https://github.com/naweed/MauiTubePlayer) and [Flutter project](https://github.com/naweed/FlutterTubePlayer).

Author: to match simplecalc here 
https://github.com/unoplatform/workshops/blob/9831b2751554fb3a1436999d909a9d3fc8e7ef6d/simple-calc/README.md?plain=1#L8
